my name is the 5 24 years doing the
exploited health attacks the
aider
I have the job of health and
disease leadership chosen because in the
Care money for that now with people
works and she in her life crisis
and development crisis support
can and that is so nice my
Everyday tasks were part of it
already from the patient of data
document as well as support
the sisters care of the patients
is very varied due
that's new every day
get to know different people and
while different diseases
general know that I want quasi
often so have heard in to when
you have problems now that's good
going
due to their illnesses
private problems and that is it
a nice one is white for one
days for the patients also very much
grateful, therefore, because of himself
I had to leave the child very early
take responsibility and that was
then for me so serve
chose to non to professional
So for me it was one
challenge me against my points
to crack and crack due to the
Turkish underground, however, the
tolerable persuade even though today
still not really convinced
it is from the
but she is accepted i wanted
actually already brands and health
become a nurse
because of my degree I have
me to decide the times
to try out that a good possibility
the man in the care wants as
jump board this education beforehand
complete
the robert-bosch-hospital offers
nice opportunities to educate yourself
the training is very good
Mentors are supportive and of it
Apart from that, a foreplay card house
let's go see that makes it too
what if it is then in the cv
my name is electric i do that
Training for health and education
nurses swabians out